release: v1.59.0 (#6438)
apollographql/router: .changesets/maint_renee_router_297_monotonic_counters.md

> ### Docs-deprecate several metrics ([PR #6350](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6350))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deprecate various metrics ([PR #6350](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6350))
```

> These metrics are deprecated in favor of better, OTel-compatible alternatives:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several metrics have been deprecated in this release, in favor of OpenTelemetry-compatible alternatives:
```
